# Deep Reinforcement Learning (CS294-112)

## Class Information & Resources

- Course Website: http://rail.eecs.berkeley.edu/deeprlcourse

Prerequisites & Enrollment

- All enrolled students must have taken CS189, CS289, CS281A, or an equivalent course at your home institution
- TensorFlow by default
  
What we'll cover
- From supervised learning to decision making
- Model-free algorithms: Q-learning, policy gradients, actor-critic
- Advanced model learning and prediction
- Explorarion
- Transfer and multi-task learning, meta-learning
- Open problems, research talks, invited lectures

Assignments
- Homework 1: Imitaion learning (control via supervised learning)
- Homework 2: Policy gradients ("REINFORCE")
- Homework 3: Q learning and actor-critic algorithms
- Homework 4: Model-based reinforcement learning
- Homework 5: Advanced model-free RL algorithms
- Final project: Research-level project of your choice (form a group of up to 2-3 students, you're welcome to start early!)

Grading: 60% homework (12% each), 40% project

What is reinforcement learning, and why should we care?

How do we build intelligent machines?

Intelligent machines must be able to adapt

Deep learning helps us handle unstructured environments

Reinforcement learning provides a formalism for behavior

What is deep RL, and why should we care?

What does end-to-end learning mean for seqential decision making?

robotic control pipeline: observations -> state estimation (e.g. vision) -> modeling & prediction -> planning -> low-level control -> controls

Deep models are what allow reinforcement learning algorithms to solve complex problems end to end!

The reinforcement learning problem is the AI problem!

Why should we study this now?
- Advances in deep learning
- Advances in reinforcement learning
- Advances in computational capability

What other problems do we need to solve to enable real-world sequential decision making?

Beyond learning from reward
- Basic reinforcement learning deals with maximizing rewards
- This is not the only problem that matters for sequential decision making!
- We will cover more advanced topics
  - Learning rewards functions from example (inverse reinforcement learning)
  - Transferring knowledge between domains (transfer learning, meta-learning)
  - Learning to predict and using prediction to act


Are there other forms of supervision?
- Learning from demonstrations
  - Directly copying observed behavior
  - Inferring rewards from observed behavior (inverse reinforcement learning)
- Learning from observing the world
  - Learning to predict
  - Unsupervised learning
- Learning from other tasks
  - Transfer learning
  - Meta-learning: learning to learn

Instead of trying to produce a program to simulate the adult mind, why not rather try to produce one which simulates the child's? If this were then subjected to an appropriate course of education one would obtain the adult brain. - Alan Turing




